Non-Commercial Use License
==========================
(see below for commercial use license)


SYSTEM HEALTH MONITOR SOFTWARE LICENSE

This software is Copyright (c) Brian C. Lane, All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:

1. This software may not be used for Commercial Purposes nor Distributed
Commercially unless the terms of the companion Commercial License are met.
The details of such license for this software, which includes payment
requirements and the definitions of the terms "Commercial Purposes" and
"Distributed Commercially", may be found on the website at
http://www.brianlane.com/licenses/ or may be obtained from the postal
address below.

2. Redistributions in source code must retain the above copyright notice,
this list of conditions, and the following disclaimer.

3. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice,
this list of conditions, and the following disclaimer in the documentation
and/or other materials provided with the distribution.

4. The end-user documentation included with the redistribution, if any, must
include the following acknowledgment:

"This product includes software developed by Brian C. Lane
(www.brianlane.com)."

Alternately, this acknowledgment may appear in the software itself, if and
wherever such third-party acknowledgments normally appear.

5. The names Nexus Computing, and Brian C. Lane must not be used to endorse
or promote products derived from this software without prior written
permission from Brian C. Lane, respectively.

6. The right to distribute this software or to use it for any purpose does
not give you the right to use Servicemarks or Trademarks of Nexus Computing,
or Brian C. Lane.

7. If any files are modified, you must cause the modified files to carry
prominent notices stating that you changed the files and the date and nature
of any change.

8. Modified versions that are redistributed must not remove rights or
licensing notices present in the product, nor cause them not to be displayed
when the software is executed.

Disclaimer

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY BRIAN C. LANE, "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESSED OR
IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, WARRANTIES OF
INFRINGEMENT AND THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL BRIAN C. LANE BE LIABLE
FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL
DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR
SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER
CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT
LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY
OUT OF THE DISTRIBUTION OR USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE
POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

Brian C. Lane does not condone the use of this software for unlawful,
malicious, harassing, disruptive, or abusive purposes.

Additional Software

In some cases this software is distributed with additional software
copyright by others for the purpose of installation and execution. The above
license for redistribution and modification does not apply to such
additional software.

License version: 1.00/2004-08-08/bcl

Brian C. Lane
P.O. Box 251
Port Gamble, WA 98364-251
http://www.brianlane.com




Commercial License
==================

SYSTEM HEALTH MONITOR COMMERCIAL LICENSE COMPANION TO THE SYSTEM HEALTH
MONITOR SOFTWARE LICENSE 1.0

Software licensed by Brian C. Lane, that states that it may not be used for
Commercial Purposes nor Distributed Commercially unless the terms of the
companion Commercial License are met (the "Software") is subject to the
following additional license requirements for use or distribution:

Definitions

"Commercial Purposes" means you are a business with annual sales or revenues
greater than $25,000 and use the software as part of that endeavor. (A
"business" files business tax returns, including the personal Schedule C, or
should if it was in the USA.) Non-profit educational institutions are not
considered businesses for this license, nor are U.S. 501(c)(3) tax exempt
organizations. Use for training purposes in an educational setting within
any business is not considered use for Commercial Purposes.

"Distributed Commercially" means a charge is made for the distribution,
installation, training, etc., of the Software or the Software is used as
part of a service or product for which payment is made or required.

Requirements

Payment of a License Fee to Brian C. Lane, is required if the Software is
used for Commercial Purposes. The current amount of the License Fee and
method of payment is listed on Brian C. Lane's website, www.brianlane.com,
or may be obtained from the postal address below.

Before payment of the License Fee, the Software may be used for Commercial
Purposes during a single 30-day Evaluation Period in order to determine
whether or not the Software meets the intended needs and performs
satisfactorily. After that Evaluation Period, a License Fee must be paid or
else use of the Software must cease.

Multiple copies of the Software require one License Fee for each
simultaneous user of the Software, but no more than one License Fee per
person who uses it (i.e., a single individual may run multiple simultaneous
copies on multiple computers on behalf of a single company while paying only
one License Fee, but if five users each are using it at the same time five
License Fees must have been paid).

All use of the Software that is Distributed Commercially is considered use
for Commercial Purposes, even if such use would not be considered commercial
otherwise (e.g., use by an educational institution, or personal use). Also,
in such case, the 30-day Evaluation Period does not apply. The
responsibility for making sure that payment is made to Brian C. Lane, rests
with the distributor.

In the event that Brian C. Lane, has ceased to exist, has officially
released users of this Software from this Commercial License requirement
through public notice, or is unresponsive to reasonable attempts to be paid,
then these Commercial License requirements are waived.

License version: 1.0/2004-08-08/bcl

Brian C. Lane
P.O. Box 251
Port Gamble, WA 98364-251
http://www.brianlane.com



These licenses are based on the Software Garden licenses written by Dan
Bricklin. The originals are available at
http://www.softwaregarden.com/legal/index.html
